Add bidirectionality to layers (#183)
posit-dev/ggsql: doc/syntax/layer/type/area.qmd

## Settings
* `position`: Determines the position adjustment to use for the layer (default is `'stack'`)

> * `orientation`: The orientation of the layer. Either `'aligned'` (default), or `'transposed'`. Determines if the layers primary axis is aligned with the coordinate systems first axis or not

Reviewer: The 'transposed' case was unsufficiently explained, proposing the following:
```suggestion
* `orientation`: The orientation of the layer, see the [Orientation section](#orientation). One of the following: 
    * `'aligned'` to align the layer's primary axis with the coordinate system's first axis.
    * `'transposed'` to align the layer's primary axis with the coordinate system's second axis.
```
